Consolidate NetServer config (#86)
SuperOfficeDocs/data-access: docs/netserver/config/webservices.md

</WebServices>
```

| Name | Description | Default |
|---|---|---|
| AllowWebServiceRequests | Permit requests to web services. This value is supported in the default `SoWcfRequestInterceptor` and can be overridden by making a custom `SoWcfRequestInterceptorPlugin`. | true |

> | RemoteBaseURL | Base URL for remote services. Will be overridden by `Services.RemoteBaseURL`. | `http://localhost/webs/SuperOffice.Web.Services` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| RemoteBaseURL | Base URL for remote services in multi-tenant environment. Use this setting instead of Services.RemoteBaseURL in CRM Online environments. Will be overridden if `Services.RemoteBaseURL` is set. | `http://localhost/webs/SuperOffice.Web.Services` |
```
